hello everyone hello the brotherhood
I hope you are all well because
today not I propose you a
video a little special and not least
since I'm going to talk to you about our
new assassin edouard quesnoy is in
effect we do not know a little bit about
assassin's heroes creed 4 black
flag and all this thanks to the screenwriter of the
Thu
darby mcdevitt was revealed some
interesting facts about the character
so do not waste time and how
his ensemble to discover the new hero
of this opus
so first of all you have to know that
for edouard keno and it has always been
a choice
he joined the brotherhood full of his
unlike former assassins
who have been as destined for those lives
but do not think that makes it sound
simpler story than others in
actually it's even a lot more complicated
than that of the other assassins and the
how edouard is introduced to
assassins and surround and to the Templars
is totally new and surprising
so remember battle irene at
within the brotherhood is god and connor
joined the brotherhood following
tragic events in their lives and you
was edited by 14 years old and connor by the
justice edwards meanwhile it's getting itself
will find in the conflict between
assassins and the Templars
after learning of the existence of a
mysterious object that came home anyone
would possess him mighty and rich and
naturally down the killers and the
Templars will seek to obtain it
and so begins the adventurous
on point
and from that moment on and ben
edwards he'll fight he'll fight for
to become a better man
a pirate a woman but respectable and
he's going to pick who's really and what
he wants in life
so money the power and it's this
fight that define me the character of
fingers and actually
edwards is practically all
opposite of connor connor begins very
idealistic and everything that happens to him in
assassin's creed iii not made him a
jaded man he thinks he's doing good but
sown but it is not and composed for
his efforts and the path that takes
edouard low the opposite actually make
douars the almost opposite of connor
had been planned since the very beginning of
development of the game and when the idea of
do a saga about the canoe family is
come is true the team wanted to show
each of the three generations with a
way different for everyone and the
Belgian screenwriter really wanted a
character who is a character
totally opposed to his little one
son so he started with a
Totally jaded cynical character
gone out of itself there is a very marriage
unstable he is separated from his wife who
this last of his inability to find a
stable job or take his
responsibilities as a serious husband
and yet edward fights will try
prove that he is a worthy man
of affection then he goes to the
antilles to become a corsair but
he falls very quickly into the
piracy the prognoses and its
commitment to the assassins eh ben
they do not fully engage as soon as
beginning there is a little lost between
assassins and the Templars
then he tries to make sense of his
life and at the beginning well he has all his
selfish goals
but little by little these experiences
make it focuses on other than
itself and obviously this will make the
suspicious assassins vis-à-vis the douars
even after he's welcomed within
of the brotherhood
and even if the low murderers believes in
him and know he's someone
of honest and well he saw well that he
must rejoined the brotherhood for
to meet his selfish desires for hackers
and yet low they know well that
it's a good man and less trying to
put it back in the right path
but edouard low he will refuse to listen
after a while and will also be in
contact with Templars who will be
interested in this character and despite
it beats edouard he will stay focused
on its objectives
he wants to become infamous rich and wants
become a big pirate and he wants
show especially to others that he is
better than the poor man who was the ex
and those who will be interesting massa
will actually be the way people are
interested in him and the way beats
did they react
and to finish low you have to know that
Edward does not like the creed
they find it too restrictive but he
will end up complying and will even
started by studying the phrase nothing
is not true everything is gone and in what
concerns the very principles of the creed
so
remember never to kill an innocent
to be invisible to others
not compromise fraternity and ben
Edwards plays double game with his rules
example if you are a pirate will you
kill innocent you then some
merchants and from below because it is not
not totally engaged in the brotherhood
down it does not bother if the brotherhood
is in danger and if his secrets are
revealed and basically down all this is going
create a tension between what Edward
you from him
does the brotherhood want of him and
these inconstant jaw tensions in
black line and his 7 goals and hot
edwards who will define what it is and
that's what it was
basically remember this news
infos I hope in any case that it has you
more and that these info we have you a little
helped to pin down the character is well
obviously I'll see you soon for
next videos and especially do you wear
well and remember nothing is true
everything is allowed
1 the wings everyone